Improved Flamethrower is your best friend when comes to dealing with big amount of low HP enemies. Oh it's also perfect for your local Barbeque. 
Going to visit Toxic Caves? You better find some Rubber Boots first!
Going to Glow? Withouth Rad-X you will melt in seconds. Always have anti-radiation drugs when going there. Oh also a gun will be handy.
Noone reads Fonline 2's Wiki tips, you can safely switch page and ignore this text.
In addition to aiming at your enemies, some weapons can also aim at hexes. For example Rocket Launcher can blow doors! To enter hex aiming mode press ctr while having attack coursor.
Necropolis? More like PKpolis. Warehouse?  Nah it's actually Slaughterhouse. Never venture  into dungeons withouth friends as enemy players will lurk there.
Simulation mode is not a Hinkley.br(At least don't call it this way in Wesan's proximity.)
You enjoy special encounters? Consider walking. You will never hit special encounter whileusing a car.
If you win any event always ask for 2 Bozars as a reward.brIt's sometimes works!
Bored of walking into TB traps made by other players? Set your game mode to rea l time only to deal with that.
Warning! Our system has detected critical Riker bug. Put more Rikers into developers team in orderto fix this bug.
Have a problem? Something explained into wiki is still not clear enough? Check up forums, other players will surely answer your questions. Or laught at you. Sometimes both.
Never lose attention while traveling over worldmap. Many lifes has been taken away by careless walking into Rats encounter while talking to someone over team speak.
If you have precious equipment like Ranger Armor never wear it when walking through the world alone. Having a buddy that will pick up your body after getting killed by Riders is a good idea.
Those who are alone die quickly. Find a gang or play with your buddies.
Pulse weapon can catch your enemies offguard. There are few creatures in the game resistant to electric damage and even few players that wears Teslas.
Don't like getting hit? Play as a sniper and aim from the distance!
Running out of drugs? Consider hunting for randomworldmap events becuase many of them generates a lot of good stuff.
Never lead anyone to your main base. It might result in someone stealing all your stuff!
Too many enemies while you are alone? Screw the fightings just run! There's no shame in escaping away and keeping your stuff.
You find ingame bug? Report it on forum. You might even get rewarded for doing so!
Dr Musashi? You mean your brand new cleaning bot? Check Vault City to get one.
If someone claims to be great PvP fightter challenge him in the PvP simulator. You can find it at the Vault City.
Are you new to the game? Try sticking around Junktown at the time being. This town got series of features specially for you.
Never park your vehicle in the town or it will get stolen. Exception is a Hub Car Store area which is protected.
Stuff seems to be moving weird? Press F1 and check your ping and FPS status. If you're ping is bigger than 200 don't fight in real time mode.
The world you life in is a truly harsh. Picking Speech, Gambling and Lockpick as your tag skills of choice is not a bright idea.
If you decide that you're going to play a super mutant remember that you won't be able to use many armors or weapons. There's also many game features that you won't be able to enjoy.
The norhern towns are generally not safe (except Vault City) someone might kill and robe you there!
In Fonline 2 you can own a house. Check Vault City or Hub there might be still a unoccupied one. If not - well a tent is fine too.
Remember that nicely placed mine or well timed dynamite can turn a battle favour in your way.
If you're worried about your karma going too low you can do farming quests like "Strong Arm of the Law" to restore it.
You can decorate your bases using a furniture. To get Furnitures check up Hub's Oldtown.
You enjoy gambling? Check up Molerats Mambo in Hub.
If someone offers you a free jet and then ask you to bring him a piece of meat and in general is a talking plant it is most likely a trap! (do it anyway)
Sierra Caves on level 2 can sometimes (very rarely) spawn implant or tier 4 crafting parts. Try to find it!
Encounters around San Francisco are spawning better loot in the footlockers.
Area around Modoc are perfect place for grinding Brahmin Skins. And those who are hunting for Brahmins too.
If you use a burst (for example with the FN FAL) and come next to your enemy at 1 hex distance you will deal a lot more of damage (1-hex) than while range bursting. Shotguns and Bozar are exception to that.
If you enjoy RP, be sure to check up the player goverment town of Shady Sands. Also know as New California Republic.
Are you crippled or radiated? Doctors will help you. Junktown one cost only 350 caps.
You can change your skin either by visiting a barber or by buying diffrent clothes in Hub Old Town.
You can change the paint of your car, check up Hub's Old Town section.
Some doors and locks in the dungeons can only be opened by Electronick Lockpick.
Some items that might seems to be junky at the first sight really are junk. Others though can be exchanged for caps at certain collectors NPC's. Check Wiki items section.
You can't spell fun withouth FN-FAL. This cheap bursting rifle is using a common ammo type (7,62) and is perfect small gun for novice wastelanders.
Rethink twice if you really are going to pick a trait called "finesse". Unless you know what you are doing this one will drastically reduce your damage outpot.
Fighting with grenades or big guns can surely be fun but it is also very expensive. If you are new stick to the small guns.
Are you interested into massive PvE events? Check up Raids Events - every Thursday one of towns is being attacked by Raiders and you can defend it  with every other player withouth worring about PvP.
If you are running out of containers space in your base or tent all you have to do is to craft more of them. In world of Fonline 2 item storaging is easy!
Be sure to invest some points into repair and science skill and obtain some crafting proffessions. This way you will be able to make your own guns!
Too much equipment looted from enemies? You can either sell it to one of many NPC's shops or you can try dissasembling those items into basic materials that are usable in crafting.
If you see a message "(gangname) is taking (townname) xxx untill taken." It means that someone launched a Town control system and thus changed that town into a battlefield.
Before travelling somewhere with your vehicle make sure you got some spare fuell. Also make sure your car is fully repaired. Fussion cells are the vehicle's fuell.
Books can be used to raise level of certain skills. You can read as much books of one type as you have intelligence, but there's also a tiny lifehack - if you use a mentants you will be able to read 2 more books.
No idea what to do with your friends? Consider Protecting the Metro from the Floaters (Adytum) or defending Farm from the Raiders (Hub) teamquests. Teamwork is fun!
Taking part in a caravan either by yourself or with your friends is a excellent way to gather up some caps, supplies and experience points.
You can have your own shop in one of towns of Fonline 2. Check up Hub, Vault City, Junktown or NCR and look for free shopkeeper.
Stimpaks aren't enough to heal your wounds? Consider raising your first aid skill to at least 150%. You will be able to cure 150 hitpoints in one skill usage.
Someone crippled you? You can try to cure your wound by using doctor skill. It might be good idea to have at least 95% in that skill.
Mines? What's tha...BOOM! If you don't want to end up like this get at least 70% in  your trap skill. High perception also helps in spotting the mines from bigger distance.
Too much stuff to carry? Try ctr+l to pick everything you can from a single hex. It will allow to gather stuff up to double of your carry weight (if you pick more than you can you won't be able to run).
Charisma skill is useless. Don't put a single point of SPECIAL in this attribute.
Tents are solid, secure places where you can store  your items. You can have up to 20 tents around  anywhere you wish. Your starting location is also considered as a tent.
In order to increase your carry weight you can lift boxes - eventually you will receive a Pack Rat achievement that will increase amount of stuff you can carry with you.
Want to travel faster? Make several deliveries for a Gecko Company (Offices in Adytum, Vault City, NCR and SF). Once you do enough of them you will receive a Pathfinder perk that will increase your worldmap travel speed.
Explore your starting location and finish up Kenny's questline as soon as it's possible. It's a good story with a good reward - don't ignore it!
If you are worried about other players attacking you consider doing quests. Quests are mostly a private locations that no other player can find.
In order to mine ore or minerals you need a PickAxe.
To cut down trees you need a hatchet. And hey - a lot of patience!
Are you super bored AND super afraid of leaving the safe town? Well there's always some boxes to carry and brahmins "products" to clean up. You won't get far on doing those activities only though.
To craft equipment you need to obtain proffession, read blueprint and gather materials. Quite a journey. Some item that you will craft will be better than regular ones though!
You can find Broc Flowers, Flints and Xander roots lying in the wastelands on empty encounters. Pick them all!
Are you stuck in some location and you don't see exit grid? Press F4 to hide interface, exit grid might be blocked by it.
Make spare sets of gear and store them in your tents for darkest hour.
Dog Tags - an misc item dropped by many humanoid npcs is a key component in obtaining Ranger Armor. Experienced players will be interested into buying this item from you keep them. There are other items like this.
Some NPCs will have a little miniquests for you. Might be good idea to read the gossips and check up whats going on.
You can find small caves in mountain encounters. Each cave will have a bones with some minor loot. Watch out for monsters!
Close to New Reno you can find special randomly generated dungeon called Sierra Caves Complex.
Remember to repair your armor and weapons. The more damaged your armor is the worse protection it offer.
Nuka Cola and Cigarettess are very cheap combat booster that will offer minor powerups for your char. Use them as often as you can.
There is a Robin Wood somewhere in the game. Try to find him!
There are Polish and Russian translations of Fonline 2. One day there might be even Portugese one!
If you find out something that you find worth screen saving press f3. You will get a screenshoot in your Fonline 2 folder.
If you are in NCR be careful when other players are next to you. They might try stealing items from you!
Shotguns are very badass rifles that can knockdown your enemies!
If you got Heavy Handed perk your close combat attacks will have chance of causing a knockdown to your enemies.
Fonline 2 could always use more heroes! Check up Forum, task section for what deves currently need help with.